Added documentation for Messaging API (#308)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/messagethreads.md

# Message threads

## Get all message threads

Returns all message threads created by the integration.

### Request

`[PlatformAddress]/api/connector/v1/messageThreads/getAll`

```javascript
{
    "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
    "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",
    "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",
    "CreatedUtc":{
        "StartUtc": "2022-03-03T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2022-03-14T00:00:00Z"
    }
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `CreatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which the [Message thread](#message-thread) was created. |

> | `UpdatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which the [Message thread](#message-thread) was updated. |

Reviewer: Missing `MessageThreadIds`. Can use something like `optional, required if no other filter is provided` 

Also newline

### Response

```javascript
{
    "MessageThreads": [
        {
            "Id": "7f9325f6-ef44-4911-89a8-ae51010a5aa4",
            "OriginalSender": "John Doe",
            "Subject": "Example subject",
            "CreatedUtc": "2022-03-07T16:09:45Z",
            "UpdatedUtc": "2022-03-07T16:09:45Z",
            "IsResolved": false
        }
    ]
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `MessageThreads` | array of [Message thread](#message-threads) | required | The message threads that were created by the integration. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MessageThreads` | array of [Message threads](#message-thread) | required | The message threads that were created by the integration. |
```

#### Message thread

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the message thread. |

> | `OriginalSender` | string | required | Original sender of the message on behalf of whom is the message sent to enterprise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OriginalSender` | string | required | Original sender of the message on behalf of whom is the message sent. |
```

| `Subject` | string | required | Subject of the message thread. |
| `CreatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which the [Message thread](#message-thread) was created. |

> | `UpdatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which the [Message thread](#message-thread) was updated. |

Reviewer: Not interval, it's a date 😄

> | `IsResolved` | bool | optional | Whether [Message thread](#message-thread) is resolved. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IsResolved` | bool | required | Whether [Message thread](#message-thread) is resolved. |
```

## Add message thread

> Creates a [Message thread](#message-thread) on behalf of an original sender of the message to the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a [Message thread](#message-thread) on behalf of a customer \(original sender of the message\).
```

### Request

`[PlatformAddress]/api/connector/v1/messageThreads/add`

```javascript
{
    "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
    "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",
    "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",
    "OriginalSender": "John Doe",
    "Subject": "Example subject"
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |

> | `OriginalSender` | string | required | Original sender of the message on behalf of whom is the message sent to enterprise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OriginalSender` | string | required | Original sender of the message on behalf of whom is the message sent. |
```

| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `MessageThreadIds` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of [Message threads](#message-thread). Required if no other filter is provided. |
| `CreatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which the [Message thread](#message-thread) was created. Required if no other filter is provided. |
| `UpdatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which the [Message thread](#message-thread) was updated. Required if no other filter is provided. |

### Response

```javascript
{
    "MessageThreads": [
        {
            "Id": "7f9325f6-ef44-4911-89a8-ae51010a5aa4",
            "OriginalSender": "John Doe",
            "Subject": "Example subject",
            "CreatedUtc": "2022-03-07T16:09:45Z",
            "UpdatedUtc": "2022-03-07T16:09:45Z",
            "IsResolved": false
        }
    ]
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `MessageThreads` | array of [Message threads](#message-thread) | required | The message threads that were created by the application. |

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
| `MessageThreads` | array of [Message threads](#message-thread) | required | The filtered message threads. |
```

### Response

```javascript
{
    "MessageThreads": [
        {
            "Id": "7f9325f6-ef44-4911-89a8-ae51010a5aa4",
            "OriginalSender": "John Doe",
            "Subject": "Example subject",
            "CreatedUtc": "2022-03-07T16:09:45Z",
            "UpdatedUtc": "2022-03-07T16:09:45Z",
            "IsResolved": false
        }
    ]
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `MessageThreads` | array of [Message threads](#message-thread) | required | The filtered message threads. |

#### Message thread

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the message thread. |
| `OriginalSender` | string | required | The sender of the original message in the thread. |
| `Subject` | string | required | Subject of the message thread. |
| `CreatedUtc` | string | required | Creation date and time of the message thread in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `UpdatedUtc` | string | required | Last update date and time of the message thread in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

> | `IsResolved` | bool | required | Whether [Message thread](#message-thread) is resolved. |

Reviewer 2: @vitezp We discussed that this will not be available in the API in the first iteration. Why do we have it here? Even in the application is not used. By default is everywhere false. Do we really want to have it here as this is implemented at all? I would remove it as this case cause a problem with deprecation in the future.
